so here we have the bike occupying our
third-place spot
it's giants defy advance as some of you
may know that was our 2013 bike of the
year for 2014
giant haven't messed with a winning
formula so we've still got the same
great complete Shimano 105 spec really
good giant PSL wheel set physique saddle
great contact points all around but the
great news for people looking for a bike
of this type is they drop the price 100
pound so what makes them defy just so
good is really it's just the heart of it
this frame is quite simply superb it
handles wonderfully it's exciting to
ride incredibly comfortable just it's
got so much polish to everything it does
it's a bike wheel of last year we love
this year I'm pretty sure we'll probably
love it next year as well
so for the out-and-out sporty rider
giant I've done a really really good job
of just specking the drivetrain on this
bike it comes with the ubiquitous 50:34
chain set up front but out back you've
got a really nice wide spray cassette
with a 28 to 3 which are pretty much
ensure you get up any hill and also
nestle down on the non-drive side chain
snake these giants RS sensor it's an A+
device which will talk to your Garmin
and it measures both cadence and speed
wirelessly pings that to your head unit
it's just worth those mention and again
just how much respect we have for the
defi advanced when this bike debuted and
every single time we've looked at it
since this is the bike that has changed
the sporty vice forever what the defi is
done is made this class of bike all of a
sudden far more exciting to ride
retaining the same comfort that we'd all
want when we prepare to do seven or
eight hours in the saddle it's simply
one of the best of its type
you